Readme grammar fixes (#1199)
sasstools/sass-lint: README.md

## Configuring

> Sass-lint can be configured from a `.sass-lint.yml` or `.sasslintrc` file in your project. The `.sasslintrc` file can be in either JSON or YAML format. Both formats are interchangeable easily using tools such as [json2yaml](https://www.json2yaml.com/). If you don't have either file your project root, or you would like all of your projects to follow a standard config file, then you can specify the path to a common config file in your project's `package.json` file using the `sasslintConfig` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sass-lint can be configured from a `.sass-lint.yml` or `.sasslintrc` file in your project. The `.sasslintrc` file can be in either JSON or YAML format. Both formats are interchangeable easily using tools such as [json2yaml](https://www.json2yaml.com/). If you don't want to place either file in your project root, or you would like all of your projects to follow a standard config file, then you can specify the path to a common config file in your project's `package.json` file using the `sasslintConfig` option.
```
